---
updated: 2026-04-19
title: "how to earn an extra $1.5/2k p/m minimum (40 minutes a day)"
author: "Ollie"
username: "@olliesykesai"
created: "2026-04-18"
source: "https://x.com/olliesykesai/status/2045474095274352950"
type: "xarticle"
tags: []
---


# how to earn an extra $1.5/2k p/m minimum (40 minutes a day)

how to earn an extra $1.5/2k p/m minimum (40 minutes a day)

In this article, I will break down your exact steps in making an extra £1/2k per month.

Why?

I think it would be cool if some of you could be able to go buy soemthing nice for your family, pay car insurance, morgages etc etc.

I don't need to bait you in with "10k p/m" titles, let's be realistic here.
You maybe thinking....

How do I know this?

I singlehandedly have passed work onto some of my closest friends as I have been too busy to fulfil.

There is no course, no telegram you can join of mine.

It's all here, so save this for later or take action.

If after you read this you enjoy it, I have something coming soon, that will allow you to attract brands and get paid this^^ and much more.



Okay, we begin.

Ai UGC, what even is it.

You will have heard of UGC before.

But, the tools have become so incredible we are now making them with Ai, they are identical.

Check this.

Just so you know, this was the old method that was INCREDIBLE 2 months ago with Sora.

Why did these work?

Had I not told you this article was on Ai UGC, you wouldn't have even had the word Ai in your mind.

But.... they still require emotion, subtle human like hand and facial movements and a compelling script to perform each time.

If not, they are just a mini movie on your screen.


The struggle we had with this method was... 

You left it to chance, no matter how great a prompt was, Sora always had a way to ruin your day ahhah.

It was so frustrating, you could run the same prompt 3 times and each video would be different.


So.... this is where we are today, where you can guarantee when you close a client you will have 100% control over every second of content.

Audio sounding like it's coming out of a DJI microphone.

Hands brushing through their hair to create a visual hook.

Pace and tempo of the background audio with the pace of transitions.


By this point you may have heard some intense words and phrases here.

You maybe thinking "this is too high level for me"

Absolutely not, this all about reps.

The sooner someone is willing to pay you for X amounts videos, you are then being paid to learn.

HOW AMAZING IS THAT.


I referenced I have sent work to friends, many are X users who i'm sure they will comment under this post.

Let us begin,

To grab the attention of brands that want this type of work, you need to create content that you POST!!!

But, it cannot be any type of content, this content needs to speak to them.

It needs to be either targeted at one particular brand you want to attract, or to a niche.

Both require similar workflows so as i break these down, work out which is you.


Regardless of either, you need to make content that speaks to their audience as if they hire you, you need to make their customers buy, not them.


So pick a niche you understand best, terminologies the are often used, environments content would usually be made in.

And most importantly, make the Ai UGC Character look like their ICP (Ideal Customer Profile)

Why??

Would you buy a Female Gym Supplement from a Canary Wharf suited and booted insurance broker???

NO, you would however buy from a female on her gym journey.

Because it's relatable to the audience.


So now we know that, what next could be important?

The tools....

So I have 0 affiliation to any brands, I shoutout FreePik enough.... but HiggsField is Amazing too. (any platform that allows you to use multiple models)

Ideally,

- Nano Banana 2 for images
- Kling for video
- MAYBE Seedance 2.0 but i'm still on the fence with this for UGC 

The reason I use FreePik is for "Spaces"

It's a node based system where you can upload image references, visually see all your work as you begin to piece it together.

Why Nano? 

Ultimately to gain absolute control over yoru work, it's best to create the first frame of each video you make as an image.  

That way you can guarantee the output.  

Why Kling? 

Cheap alternative that produces amazing output when turning Image into Video.


Another game changer is Pintrest or Cosmos.

Find inspiration you can then recreate within FreePik or HiggsField.


Now, attracting brands.

I wrote an article on this - https://x.com/olliesykesai/status/2044391194369622302

How to build an audience of buyers, this is what you need to do.

As we have already established you need to intentionally post your work to gain attention.

So call our a brand if you want to work with one in particular, people love helping you gain their attention if your work is good and they see you hustling.

Or if you are after a niche, let's stay with "Gym"

In your post's use words that relate to that audience, 9/10 times if they like and share your work to their followers, another gym person will see it or even a brand direclty.

It's a volume game but if you have an intentional method.... the volume becomes pure excitement to post the next piece of work you completed.

Also, give brands a reason to want you.

Don't say "This is 100% Ai and it only takes me 40 mins to make it and costs less than a meal deal"

Talk to them on a level such as "Making these types of Ads are so important from brands like X, reason why?........" 

They need context and value.

Anyways, I need to go enjoy my weekend.

If this wasn't helpful then please roast me in my comments. Or follow me if it was, I make these often for you all.
